chore: convert docs of `developer\engine\iphone-and-ipad\16.0\guides` (#1615)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/engine/iphone-and-ipad/16.0/guides/in-app/index.md

---
title: Guide: build an in-app keyboard
---

Keyman Engine for iPhone and iPad allows you to use any Keyman touch
keyboard in your iOS app, or even to create your own system keyboard app
for purchase in the App Store.  
This guide will walk you through the steps for creating your first iOS
app with Keyman Engine for iPhone and iPad.

If you are not familiar with iOS development, you will find the ["Start Developing iOS Apps" online guide by Apple](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/app-dev-training/) an invaluable resource, and working through some of their tutorials first will help you with the rest of this guide.

### 1. Install Free Tools

1.  Install [Keyman Developer 10 or later](https://keyman.com/developer/) on a Windows machine.

>     -   Alternatively, it is possible to compile keyboards with a command-line tool under WINE, but we do not yet support a GUI interface for keyboard development on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Alternatively, it is possible to compile keyboards with the command-line tool [kmc](https://help.keyman.com/developer/current-version/reference/kmc/cli/reference), but we do not yet support a GUI interface for keyboard development on macOS.
```
